diary.md, before:

# 15/6/20

Trying to install the version of zinbwave contemporary with the paper (0.1.1):

	> install_github("drisso/zinbwave@v0.1.1")
	Downloading GitHub repo drisso/zinbwave@v0.1.1
	Error in utils::download.file(url, path, method = method, quiet = quiet,  :
	  cannot open URL 'https://api.github.com/repos/drisso/zinbwave/tarball/v0.1.1'

There are neither tags nor releases at `drisso/zinbwave`, so I assume they have since removed access to v0.1.1.

Analyses do these correspond in the paper?

Datasets (from Methods section):

	* V1 data set:
		* Tasic et al. 
		* Available in `scRNAseq` package
		* The 'Allen' data set is a subset of the Tasic data. From the package manual: '`ReprocessedAllenData()` provides 379 cells from the mouse visual cortex, which is a subset of the data from Tasic et al. (2016).'
	* S1/CA1 data set:
		* Zeisel et al.
		* Downloaded.
	* mESC data set:
		* Kolodziejczyk et al.
		* Downloaded.
		* May now be in `scRNAseq`
		* Identifying developmental trajectories of OE cells
		* Figure 3
		* Clustering of PBMCs
		* Figure 3
	* Impact of normalization methods
		* All four data sets
		* Figure 4
	* Accounting for batch effects
		* mESC and glioblastome data sets
		* Figure 5
	* Goodness-of-fit of the ZINB-WaVE model
		* All four data sets 
	* ZINB-WaVE estimators are asymptotically unbiased and robust
		* Simulated data
	* ZINB-WaVE is more accurate than state-of-the-art methods
		* Simulated data:
			* ZINB model
			* Lun and Marioni model (`cputime.R`)

R files in this repo:

	real_data/allen_covariates_1000.Rmd
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_allen.Rmd (running)
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_patel.Rmd
	real_data/patel_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/espresso_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_espresso.Rmd
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_zeisel.Rmd
	real_data/zeisel_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/zeisel_plots.R
	real_data/espresso_plots.R
	real_data/patel_plots.R
	real_data/allen_plots.R
	real_data/silhouette.R
	sims/figures/simFunction.R
	sims/figures/fig6e-g/lunSim.R
	sims/figures/fig6e-g/fitZinbLun.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/timeZinb.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/fitZinb_bias_mse_ncells.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/fitZinb_bias_mse_allParam.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa_allen_10000.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa_zeisel_10000.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZinb_corSilh.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZinb10000.R
	sims/cputime/cputime.R

Let's proceed with the current version. Starting by installing missing packages required for `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd`.

Missing ZIFA which needs to be installed through `conda`. Sidetracked by learning how `conda` works. 

Ok, installed `zifa` under the `diss` environment. May be necessary to rename `diss`.

So far, calls to the zifa wrapper function take the longest, it seems.

The chunk `zinb_check_batch` in `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd` references relative paths to directories not created during execution of the preceding chunks.

Issues (gathered):
	* Old parallelism used arguments like `ncores`, now using `BiocParallel`
	* `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd` is referencing non-existent relative paths as noted above
	
# 16/6/20

Trying to generate the simulated dataset. Get the following error with simFunction:

	Error in gzfile(file, "wb") : cannot open the connection
	Calls: zinbSimWrapper -> save -> gzfile
	In addition: Warning message:
	In gzfile(file, "wb") :
	  cannot open compressed file 'fig6ad-S13-S14/simAllen_nc100_ratio1_offs0.rda', probable reason 'No such file or directory'
	Execution halted

It's clear that the Rscripts and Rmd files are not sufficient to reproduce the analysis: the data is not to be found in the libraries they use (as is sometimes the case).	
Patel is out as we can't repeat the alignment. Let's look at Allen again. Need to get the metadata from somewhere. The library function being used to access the data is deprecated, so perhaps there are new ways to access the metadata.

Commit message:

Fixed some issues with the ncores argument and relative paths in the sim scripts

diary.md, after:

# 15/6/20

Trying to install the version of zinbwave contemporary with the paper (0.1.1):

	> install_github("drisso/zinbwave@v0.1.1")
	Downloading GitHub repo drisso/zinbwave@v0.1.1
	Error in utils::download.file(url, path, method = method, quiet = quiet,  :
	  cannot open URL 'https://api.github.com/repos/drisso/zinbwave/tarball/v0.1.1'

There are neither tags nor releases at `drisso/zinbwave`, so I assume they have since removed access to v0.1.1.

Analyses do these correspond in the paper?

Datasets (from Methods section):

	* V1 data set:
		* Tasic et al. 
		* Available in `scRNAseq` package
		* The 'Allen' data set is a subset of the Tasic data. From the package manual: '`ReprocessedAllenData()` provides 379 cells from the mouse visual cortex, which is a subset of the data from Tasic et al. (2016).'
	* S1/CA1 data set:
		* Zeisel et al.
		* Downloaded.
	* mESC data set:
		* Kolodziejczyk et al.
		* Downloaded.
		* May now be in `scRNAseq`
		* Identifying developmental trajectories of OE cells
		* Figure 3
		* Clustering of PBMCs
		* Figure 3
	* Impact of normalization methods
		* All four data sets
		* Figure 4
	* Accounting for batch effects
		* mESC and glioblastome data sets
		* Figure 5
	* Goodness-of-fit of the ZINB-WaVE model
		* All four data sets 
	* ZINB-WaVE estimators are asymptotically unbiased and robust
		* Simulated data
	* ZINB-WaVE is more accurate than state-of-the-art methods
		* Simulated data:
			* ZINB model
			* Lun and Marioni model (`cputime.R`)

R files in this repo:

	real_data/allen_covariates_1000.Rmd (problem with absent files in batch effect analysis)
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_allen.Rmd (running)
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_patel.Rmd 
	real_data/patel_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/espresso_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_espresso.Rmd
	real_data/goodness_of_fit_zeisel.Rmd
	real_data/zeisel_covariates.Rmd
	real_data/zeisel_plots.R
	real_data/espresso_plots.R
	real_data/patel_plots.R
	real_data/allen_plots.R
	real_data/silhouette.R
	sims/figures/simFunction.R
	sims/figures/fig6e-g/lunSim.R
	sims/figures/fig6e-g/fitZinbLun.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/timeZinb.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/fitZinb_bias_mse_ncells.R
	sims/figures/fig5-S10-S11-S15-S9/fitZinb_bias_mse_allParam.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa_allen_10000.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa_zeisel_10000.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZifa.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZinb_corSilh.R
	sims/figures/fig6ad-S13-S14/fitZinb10000.R
	sims/cputime/cputime.R

Let's proceed with the current version. Starting by installing missing packages required for `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd`.

Missing ZIFA which needs to be installed through `conda`. Sidetracked by learning how `conda` works. 

Ok, installed `zifa` under the `diss` environment. May be necessary to rename `diss`.

So far, calls to the zifa wrapper function take the longest, it seems.

The chunk `zinb_check_batch` in `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd` references relative paths to directories not created during execution of the preceding chunks.

Issues (gathered):
	* Old parallelism used arguments like `ncores`, now using `BiocParallel`
	* `allen_covariates_1000.Rmd` is referencing non-existent relative paths as noted above
	
# 16/6/20

Trying to generate the simulated dataset. Get the following error with simFunction:

	Error in gzfile(file, "wb") : cannot open the connection
	Calls: zinbSimWrapper -> save -> gzfile
	In addition: Warning message:
	In gzfile(file, "wb") :
	  cannot open compressed file 'fig6ad-S13-S14/simAllen_nc100_ratio1_offs0.rda', probable reason 'No such file or directory'
	Execution halted

It's clear that the Rscripts and Rmd files are not sufficient to reproduce the analysis: the data is not to be found in the libraries they use (i.e. it doesn't all come from `scRNAseq`).	

Patel is out as we can't repeat the alignment. Let's look at Allen again. Need to get the metadata from somewhere. The library function being used to access the data is deprecated, so perhaps there are new ways to access the metadata.

Spent some time looking at the `SingleCellExperiment` class and its interface. The Allen metadata we need, the 'collection date', is absent from both the old version of the Allen dataset (accessed with `data("allen")`) and the new version (accessed with `ReprocessedAllenData()`) in `scRNAseq`. Risso loaded it from some file I don't have.

Note that `simFunction.R` takes a long time to run and depends on the data sets.

# 18/6/20

Ran `simFunction.R`.
